
RETURN VALUE
       If the connection or binding succeeds, zero is returned.  On error, -1 is returned, and errno is set appropriately.

ERRORS
       The following are general socket errors only.  There may be other domain-specific error codes.

       EACCES For UNIX domain sockets, which are identified by pathname: Write permission is denied on the socket file, or search permission is denied for one of the directories in the path  prefix.   (See
              also path_resolution(7).)

       EACCES, EPERM
              The user tried to connect to a broadcast address without having the socket broadcast flag enabled or the connection request failed because of a local firewall rule.

              EACCES  can  also be returned if an SELinux policy denied a connection (for example, if there is a policy saying that an HTTP proxy can only connect to ports associated with HTTP servers, and
              the proxy tries to connect to a different port).  dd

       EADDRINUSE
              Local address is already in use.

       EADDRNOTAVAIL
              (Internet domain sockets) The socket referred to by sockfd had not previously been bound to an address and, upon attempting to bind it to an ephemeral port, it was determined  that  all  port
              numbers in the ephemeral port range are currently in use.  See the discussion of /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_local_port_range in ip(7).

       EAFNOSUPPORT
              The passed address didn't have the correct address family in its sa_family field.

       EAGAIN For  nonblocking  UNIX domain sockets, the socket is nonblocking, and the connection cannot be completed immediately.  For other socket families, there are insufficient entries in the routing
              cache.

       EALREADY
              The socket is nonblocking and a previous connection attempt has not yet been completed.

       EBADF  sockfd is not a valid open file descriptor.

       ECONNREFUSED
              A connect() on a stream socket found no one listening on the remote address.

       EFAULT The socket structure address is outside the user's address space.

       EINPROGRESS
              The socket is nonblocking and the connection cannot be completed immediately.  (UNIX domain sockets failed with EAGAIN instead.)  It is possible to select(2) or poll(2) for completion by  se‐
              lecting the socket for writing.  After select(2) indicates writability, use getsockopt(2) to read the SO_ERROR option at level SOL_SOCKET to determine whether connect() completed successfully
              (SO_ERROR is zero) or unsuccessfully (SO_ERROR is one of the usual error codes listed here, explaining the reason for the failure).

       EINTR  The system call was interrupted by a signal that was caught; see signal(7).
       EISCONN
       The socket is already connected.

       ENETUNREACH
              Network is unreachable.

       ENOTSOCK
              The file descriptor sockfd does not refer to a socket.

       EPROTOTYPE
              The socket type does not support the requested communications protocol.  This error can occur, for example, on an attempt to connect a UNIX domain datagram socket to a stream socket.

       ETIMEDOUT
              Timeout while attempting connection.  The server may be too busy to accept new connections.  Note that for IP sockets the timeout may be very long when syncookies are enabled on the server.

