
RETURN VALUE
       On success, these calls return the number of bytes sent.  On error, -1 is returned, and errno is set appropriately.

ERRORS
       These are some standard errors generated by the socket layer.  Additional errors may be generated and returned from the underlying protocol modules; see their respective manual pages.

       EACCES (For  UNIX domain sockets, which are identified by pathname) Write permission is denied on the destination socket file, or search permission is denied for one of the directories the path pre‐
              fix.  (See path_resolution(7).)

              (For UDP sockets) An attempt was made to send to a network/broadcast address as though it was a unicast address.

       EAGAIN or EWOULDBLOCK
              The socket is marked nonblocking and the requested operation would block.  POSIX.1-2001 allows either error to be returned for this case, and does not require these constants to have the same
              value, so a portable application should check for both possibilities.

       EAGAIN (Internet  domain  datagram  sockets) The socket referred to by sockfd had not previously been bound to an address and, upon attempting to bind it to an ephemeral port, it was determined that
              all port numbers in the ephemeral port range are currently in use.  See the discussion of /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_local_port_range in ip(7).

       EALREADY
              Another Fast Open is in progress.

       EBADF  sockfd is not a valid open file descriptor.

       ECONNRESET
              Connection reset by peer.

       EDESTADDRREQ
              The socket is not connection-mode, and no peer address is set.

       EFAULT An invalid user space address was specified for an argument.

       EINTR  A signal occurred before any data was transmitted; see signal(7).

       EINVAL Invalid argument passed.

       EISCONN
              The connection-mode socket was connected already but a recipient was specified.  (Now either this error is returned, or the recipient specification is ignored.)

        EMSGSIZE
              The socket type requires that message be sent atomically, and the size of the message to be sent made this impossible.

       ENOBUFS
              The output queue for a network interface was full.  This generally indicates that the interface has stopped sending, but may be caused by transient congestion.  (Normally, this does not occur
              in Linux.  Packets are just silently dropped when a device queue overflows.)

       ENOMEM No memory available.

       ENOTCONN
              The socket is not connected, and no target has been given.

       ENOTSOCK
              The file descriptor sockfd does not refer to a socket.

       EOPNOTSUPP
              Some bit in the flags argument is inappropriate for the socket type.

       EPIPE  The local end has been shut down on a connection oriented socket.  In this case, the process will also receive a SIGPIPE unless MSG_NOSIGNAL is set.
